# Notes on todays Sesh.
November 11/14

* D3PUTY is going to try and push the barrel down the stairs at the cloaked figures.
* The barrel hits one of the cloaked Nightwatch figures.
* The Nightwatch is commanding us out of the tower.
* The Nightwatch is trying to secure the tablets.
* Ash casts Calm EMotions on them to calm the situation, we offer to leave and they let us.
* Madzia says to get the tablets.
* Ash waves at them that we need to go.
* Ash signals at Kuran and he falls down the stairs.
* We all rush to leave the tower before the spell runs out.
* "Commander Madzia of the Nightwatch"
* He was there on jail night and one of the three people on the town council.
* We go back to our house in town for the night.
* I bar the dore, afraid of the Nightwatch visiting due to the charm wearing off on the folks in the tower.
* The next morning we go down to the beach to check out point on the beach.
* On the way we stop at a bagel place.
* The Kneaded Knot - we pick up some bagels.
* We head down to the beach, wave at the people at the docks.
* They are still cranking along, putting in more moorings, underwater rock movement.
* As we go down the beach towards where the rift was. We felt like the rift was there.
* There are some groups of sasha soul gathering around the rift, as we get closer we realize it is not the rift. We see crow feathres, bits of seaweed, black stones, coal and ash that have been left on the beach in the shape of the rift. Large black silloute of where the rift was.
* We ask Tom Lirash what is going on with the rift. Lirash wants to know if he can talk to the other sashasoul.
* "You come with me? We go?" He talks to Lucy.
* Lirash talks to the sashasoul, they mourn the rift, this is a grave for the rift. 
* They did not open the rift.
* Lucy is trying to lure Lirash into being a Fiend follower.
* "Maelthorn"
  * Not a top tier pantheon god
  * Some sort of diety or spirit
  * He is typically associated with feelings of despare, fading memories, etc.
  * when you have no one else to turn to. Maelthorn.
* Man say there be a way.
* Umbrel says he can re-open the portal, we just need ot help him. Some man says he can help.
* The man is cloaked.
* The man is coming to the island often lately, relatively new to the island but is coming more and more.
* ```1: prison
2: honeypit
3: guard shack
4: prison guard shack
4: pearl dam
5: statue of thrombus
6: night watch HQ
7: docks
8: mass grave
9: abandoned camp
10: old hunters camp
11: gloom island
12: ???
13:  rift
14: honey well
15: graveyard
16: church
17: ????
[cant find 17 may not exist (incompetence not mystery)]
18: belvin's lab
19: fortin residence
20: ???
21: ????
22: ???
23: ???
24: ???
25: ???
26: old camp (tools and such)
27: town shops
28: collapsed bridge
29: sandbar
30: ship
31: corrine's house
32: brownie tower
33 : thrampton family home
34 our house```

* 