# Notes on todays Sesh.
November 11/14

* D3PUTY is going to try and push the barrel down the stairs at the cloaked figures.
* The barrel hits one of the cloaked Nightwatch figures.
* The Nightwatch is commanding us out of the tower.
* The Nightwatch is trying to secure the tablets.
* Ash casts Calm EMotions on them to calm the situation, we offer to leave and they let us.
* Madzia says to get the tablets.
* Ash waves at them that we need to go.
* Ash signals at Kuran and he falls down the stairs.
* We all rush to leave the tower before the spell runs out.
* "Commander Madzia of the Nightwatch"
* He was there on jail night and one of the three people on the town council.
* We go back to our house in town for the night.
* I bar the dore, afraid of the Nightwatch visiting due to the charm wearing off on the folks in the tower.
* The next morning we go down to the beach to check out point on the beach.
* On the way we stop at a bagel place.
* The Kneaded Knot - we pick up some bagels.
* We head down to the beach, wave at the people at the docks.
* They are still cranking along, putting in more moorings, underwater rock movement.
* As we go down the beach towards where the rift was. We felt like the rift was there.
* There are some groups of sasha soul gathering around the rift, as we get closer we realize it is not the rift. We see crow feathres, bits of seaweed, black stones, coal and ash that have been left on the beach in the shape of the rift. Large black silloute of where the rift was.
* We ask Tom Lirash what is going on with the rift. Lirash wants to know if he can talk to the other sashasoul.
* "You come with me? We go?" He talks to Lucy.
* Lirash talks to the sashasoul, they mourn the rift, this is a grave for the rift. 
* They did not open the rift.
* Lucy is trying to lure Lirash into being a Fiend follower.
* "Maelthorn"
  * Not a top tier pantheon god
  * Some sort of diety or spirit
  * He is typically associated with feelings of despare, fading memories, etc.
  * when you have no one else to turn to. Maelthorn.
* Man say there be a way.
* Umbrel says he can re-open the portal, we just need ot help him. Some man says he can help.
* The man is cloaked.
* The man is coming to the island often lately, relatively new to the island but is coming more and more.
* ```1: prison
2: honeypit
3: guard shack
4: prison guard shack
4: pearl dam
5: statue of thrombus
6: night watch HQ
7: docks
8: mass grave
9: abandoned camp
10: old hunters camp
11: gloom island
12: ???
13:  rift
14: honey well
15: graveyard
16: church
17: ????
[cant find 17 may not exist (incompetence not mystery)]
18: belvin's lab
19: fortin residence
20: ???
21: ????
22: ???
23: ???
24: ???
25: ???
26: old camp (tools and such)
27: town shops
28: collapsed bridge
29: sandbar
30: ship
31: corrine's house
32: brownie tower
33 : thrampton family home
34 our house```

* we leave the pigmes and continue down the beach to a rougher area.
* as we get further down, aleric and lucy are lost in their thoughts.
* d3puty thinks the area feels familiar, but doesn't really know why.
* ash notices bits of pigme tools and some bone fragments, more than usual, more than sealife. mixed into the beach. dried, bleached bones
* we're standing outside the cave.
* it looks like there is a worn path into the cave.

white mushroom for nightvision
purple mushroom with green veins for vigilant blessing
spicy mushroom

* ash gives aleric and d3puty nightvision
* * ash gives d3puty vigilant blessing

* tunnel has been reinforced with logs, tunnel seems to be heading westward
* further in we notice one set of tracks standing out more, humanoid boot, but larger.
* ash notices some stone carvings, in a little bit of a openign, off to the side of the tunnel. looks like 
* there is a symbol in the stone, pretty burried but there is more stone carvings that look like a match to the stones that we saw around the tablet. area looks pretty burried, there is no clear place where a tablet would go, or ring structure. but there might be some burried ruins there that were constructed at the same tiem or by the same people that constructed the other thing.
* aleric looks at the same stone carvings and does a history check. piece of some fairly ancient ... fey ruins in the area, why of hand, no idea. wonder if the town of haling cove was built on some much older dwellings. lookign aroudn, it doesn't look like this is a spot where you would put a tablet, but it does match the markings. -- at least in age and construction styule.
* we continue down the tunnel. breaks out into the side of a collapsed mine. and we see some daylight. we follow the path out and it comes out in the forest.
* the tracks are less consistant here.
* we come out in the mining camp.
* we climb back up the cliff to talk to the brownies that lived in the sylvan tower.
* we talk to the brownies in the tower...they say they have seen a man down in the tunnels.
* wears a cloak and goes through the tunnel. goes into town and through the tunnels, etc.
* he doesn't use a torch.